Update About_the_Catalog_app.md (#4685)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/dataminer_services/Catalog/About_the_Catalog_app.md

| Ad Hoc Data Source | Contains a [DataMiner ad hoc data source integration](xref:Configuring_an_ad_hoc_data_source_in_a_query), which allows you to make data from third-party products and various data sources available for ad hoc display in DataMiner low-code apps and dashboards. Data from an ad hoc data source is not continuously extracted from the third-party product, so it cannot be used for fault management, performance management, and various other background functions in DataMiner. Deploying the component will make it available on the target DataMiner System. Ad hoc data sources provided by Skyline are subject to updates. If you want to benefit from these updates, you should therefore not alter these ad hoc data sources. |
| Data Transformer | Contains a data transformer, which allows you to transform data queried from DataMiner through a [GQI data query](xref:About_GQI) prior to serving it to users in low-code apps or dashboards. Deployment of the component will make it available on the target DataMiner System, where it can be used as is, as part of your GQI data queries, or where you can further adjust it to meet your specific needs. |

> | Data Query | Contains a [GQI data query](xref:About_GQI) to extract data from DataMiner, to transform it, and to serve it to users in low-code apps or dashboards. Deploying the component will make it available on the target DataMiner System, where it can be used as is, or where you can further adjust it to meet your own specific needs. **Note**: This component is not yet supported to be put on the Catalog. |

Reviewer: Do you mean that adding items of this specific type is not yet supported?
```suggestion
| Data Query | Contains a [GQI data query](xref:About_GQI) to extract data from DataMiner, to transform it, and to serve it to users in low-code apps or dashboards. Deploying the component will make it available on the target DataMiner System, where it can be used as is, or where you can further adjust it to meet your own specific needs. **Note**: It is not yet possible to add Catalog items of this type. |
```

Author: It is in theory possible to publish an item of this given type (as it's part of the YAML). But DataMiner does not yet support a deployment of this, unless @SebastiaanSL says otherwise? ;)

Reviewer 2: I believe the format of such a package isn't even defined yet. So although the CI/CD tooling and catalog is ready for this, it's currently not supported on the DMA side.

Reviewer 2: With the above being said, I wonder if this should temporarily be removed from both the docs and catalog filters.

Author: I agree, but in the end this is up to Platform to decide.

Reviewer: So does this mean we should adjust this as follows to make this clear? Or did you have something else in mind?
```suggestion
| Data Query | Contains a [GQI data query](xref:About_GQI) to extract data from DataMiner, to transform it, and to serve it to users in low-code apps or dashboards. Deploying the component will make it available on the target DataMiner System, where it can be used as is, or where you can further adjust it to meet your own specific needs. **Note**: It is not yet possible to deploy Catalog items of this type. |
```

Reviewer 3: I think he means removing that line completely.

Reviewer 2: Indeed, no real use in documenting functionality that is not yet supported. The 'Data Query' is also already mentioned in the 'manifest.yml' file when creating a new package project, but this is less visible for the average user.
